OPSEXP-2410 Add instruction to install with helm older version of ACS on main helm readme (#1248)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: docs/helm/desktop-deployment.md

#### Enterprise deployment for previous versions

> Keep the configuration for helm adding the override file described in this [section](./README.md#previous-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the configuration for helm adding the additional override file described in this [section](./README.md#previous-versions).
```

> Keep the configuration for helm adding the additional override file described in this [section](./README.md#previous-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the above helm commands and pass an additional argument as described in this [section](./README.md#previous-versions).
```
